[Music]
what the nomads are doing is not that
different than what the pioneers did
you gotta make the hole bigger i think
fern's part of an american tradition
to tell the story of the road of nomadic
living we have
to understand why this lifestyle draws
all these colorful characters to it it
is a
tough time right now you may want to
consider early retirement
i need work i like work
over the course of chloe's films she's
grappling with this
american dream idea and it's not lost on
any of us that she's
not american and so seeing it with
perspective chloe found a way
to tell an even bigger story
i love this lifestyle it is a lifestyle
of freedom and beauty and connection to
the earth
chloe is using the form of cinema to
touch upon the lives of real people who
are completely on the periphery of
society
very overlooked as an artist i'd like to
see what's beyond the horizon
so for someone coming from the city of
new york and los angeles
i would like to go beyond that horizon
see who else is out there that i can
connect to
chloe's approach to storytelling and her
use of non-actors
just seeing them grow into this
narrative that she's working with and
take the story to a new place is
incredibly exciting
i could live in an rv travel
and not have to work for the rest of my
life
chloe just walked around and observed
people how they
conduct themselves with each other she
captured everything
okay ladies where are we going the way
that i can
make sure it's authentic is that you let
these characters
guide your casting choices and your
location choices you like their
authentic human experience and them as
individuals to guide it
hey find anything interesting
what the world presents is these things
are going to make the film special
i like you you're a good person
i walk away i have this feeling i have
enough to have perspective
for the audience to hold on to
one of the things i love most about this
life
is that there's no final goodbye
let's just say oh i'll see you down the
[Music]
road
you